Protecting your family is your number
one priority. ICIC Lombard presents the
perfect plan for you. The Family Shield
[music] Plan is comprehensive, flexible,
unique. It covers more to [music]
protect more. Some of the key features
of this plan are infectious disease
benefit, personal accident benefit,
flexibility,
family policy discount, tenure and
renewal discount. [music]
The infectious disease benefit can be
very helpful as various illnesses have
become more common now. It provides for
coverage against specific vectorborn
diseases, rabies and tetanas,
gastrointestinal [music]
infections, viral and nervous
infections. Personal accident benefit
[music] is a key factor for protection.
It covers death and disabilities,
adventure sports, broken bones, and
children's education grant. This plan
offers you what you need. You can opt
for any one or more [music] base
benefits under one or more sections. You
will be eligible for the base benefits
and or extensions if [music] premium has
been paid. What's more, multiple Avon
covers to choose from are available too.
This plan offers you a tenure and
renewal discount too. You can get a
policy term of up to 3 years [music]
with long-term discount. You also get a
5% renewal discount. The renewal premium
must be paid on or before [music] the
policy expiry date or within 30 days.
That's not all. You get [music] a family
policy discount of up to 7.5%, too. Give
your family the protection they deserve
[music]
and give yourself a hassle-free claim
experience, too. With ICIC [music]
Lombard's Family Shield Plan, you are
our priority. [music]